Added MDN Docs links to rest and default parameters readme file following the guidelines (#2002)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/109-javascript-functions/101-function-parameters/100-default-params.md

# Default parameters

> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Default Paremeters MDN documentation' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Default_parameters'>Default Paremeters - MDN Docs</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default function parameters allow named parameters to be initialized with default values if no value or `undefined` is passed.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Default_parameters'>Default Parameters - MDN Docs</BadgeLink>
```

> # Default parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Default Parameters
```
